moved right
moved right
moved right
moved right
moved right
moved down
moved left
moved down
moved down
moved down
reached dead end, moved up
moved left
moved up
moved up
moved left
moved left
moved left
moved down
moved down
moved down
moved right
moved up
reached dead end, moved down
reached dead end, moved left
reached dead end, moved up
reached dead end, moved up
moved right
moved right
moved down
moved down
moved right
moved down
moved down
moved down
reached dead end, moved up
reached dead end, moved up
moved left
moved left
moved left
moved down
moved down
moved down
moved down
moved right
moved right
moved right
moved right
moved right
moved right
reached dead end, moved left
reached dead end, moved left
reached dead end, moved left
reached dead end, moved left
reached dead end, moved left
reached dead end, moved left
reached dead end, moved up
reached dead end, moved up
reached dead end, moved up
moved right
moved right
moved down
moved left
moved down
moved right
moved right
moved right
moved right
moved right
moved up
moved right
moved up
moved right
moved down
reached dead end, moved up
reached dead end, moved left
reached dead end, moved down
moved down
moved down
moved right
moved up
moved right
moved up
moved up
moved up
moved left
moved left
moved up
moved up
moved left
moved down
moved left
moved down
moved left
moved down
moved down
moved right
moved up
moved right
moved up
reached dead end, moved down
reached dead end, moved left
reached dead end, moved down
reached dead end, moved left
reached dead end, moved up
reached dead end, moved up
reached dead end, moved right
reached dead end, moved up
reached dead end, moved right
reached dead end, moved up
reached dead end, moved right
reached dead end, moved down
reached dead end, moved down
reached dead end, moved right
reached dead end, moved right
reached dead end, moved down
reached dead end, moved down
reached dead end, moved down
reached dead end, moved left
reached dead end, moved down
moved right
